---
layout: post
title:  A Full and Comprehensive Style Test (HTML)
tags:
- News
- Tags
- Blog
- Post
---
# Introduction

As a *neuropharmacologist*, my research interests involve investigating basic mechanisms of pharmacology and biochemistry as they relate to drug effects on the brain and the pathology of neurodegenerative diseases. I have studied ethanol intake behaviors in transgenic mice lacking purinergic P2X4 receptors and the role of adenosine homeostasis in mouse models of Parkinson's Disease and Stroke. I am a former NIH predoctoral fellow, have authored several primary research articles, and instructed/advised students (high school through graduate) in the laboratory and classroom on their academic and professional development. ORCID: 0000-0003-1026-5232.

I am currently the *Basic Science Liaison/Research Data Management Librarian* at the Oregon Health & Science University (OHSU). As a PhD now in the library, and with professional experience in clinical data management, I work to support the basic science community in areas of development of best practices and information literacy through the research and data lifecycle. I help facilitate efficiency and impactful research efforts as well as come up with solutions to tricky issues in the lab related to data management. I also play a supportive role to faculty, students and staff by keep informed on current issues and resources in translational medicine as well as creating new library data services and data science-related curricula.

As a woman of color, *diversity in STEM* is very important to me. I work hard to engage women in science, students of color, or those from low-income/first generation backgrounds throughout their undergraduate and graduate education. My goal in this is to develop useful resources and a sense of community around underrepresented minority student scholarship at OHSU as well as provide effective mentorship through their academic journey and biomedical careers!


